[Music]
sit your chicken on a roasting tin
ease the skin away from the breast so
that you can push a knob of butter
underneath
then season with salt and pepper
then pour water into the bottom of the
roasting tin so it's about one to two
centimetres deep
cover with foil and roast for one hour
at 200 degrees celsius
180 fan or gas mark 6
[Music]
uncover and continue to roast for 20 to
30 minutes more
by which time the skin will be golden
the chicken cooked and all the juices
will run clear
cover the chicken with foil and a clean
tea towel to rest and keep it warm while
you finish cooking
[Music]
pour the roasting juices into a jug for
use in gravy
[Music]
you